# Programming-Languages-and-Techniques-Homework-5
Programming Languages and Techniques Homework 5
Website Generator This homework deals with the following topics: ● Reading and writing files ● Scraping and parsing information from a text file ● Very basic HTML ● Unit testing General Problem Speciﬁcation The basic skeleton of a website is an HTML page. This HTML page is a text ﬁle with a certain format. Taking advantage of this fact, one can take an HTML template and create multiple pages with different values stored. This is exactly what we are going to do in this homework. Many websites use these kinds of scripts to mass generate HTML pages from databases. We will use a sample text ﬁle as our ‘database’. Our goal will be to take a resume in a simplistic text ﬁle and convert it into an HTML ﬁle that can be displayed by a web browser. What is HTML? You do not need to know much HTML to do this assignment. You can do the assignment by  just understanding that HTML is the language that your browser interprets to display the page.  It is a tag-based language where each set of tags provides some basic information for how the browser renders the text that the tags enclose. For example, The Beatleswill be rendered by your browser with “The Beatles” as a heading with a  large font. indicates the beginning of the heading and indicates the ending of the heading. An HTML webpage is typically divided into a head section and a body section. We have provided you with a basic website template. We want you to retain the head section and  write only the body section via your Python program. For more details about HTML, your best resource will be to use the w3schools website which can be found here: www.w3schools.com. This website has a ton of information and provides   all of the common HTML you’ll need to know for this assignment. Input Test File We will read a simple text ﬁle that is supposed to represent a student’s resume. The resume has some key points but can be somewhat unstructured. In particular, the order of some of the information will deﬁnitely be different for different people. The following are the things that you deﬁnitely DO know about the resume: ●   Every resume will have a name, which will be written at the top. The top line in the text ﬁle will contain just the name. ●   There will be a line in the ﬁle, which contains an email address. It will be a single line with just the email address and nothing else. ●   Every resume will have a list of projects. Projects are listed line-by-line below a heading called “Projects”. An example of what you might see in a resume ﬁle is something like this: Projects Worked on big data to turn it into bigger data Applied deep learning to learn how to boil water Styled web pages with blink tags. Washed cars …

● The list of projects ends with a single line that looks like ‘----------’. That is, it will have at least 10 minus signs. While this is an odd formatting requirement, this will actually make the assignment easier for you. ● Every resume will have a list of Courses. Courses are listed like: Courses - CIT590, AB120 OR Courses :- Pottery, Making money by lying ●   The formatting for Courses will be the word “Courses” followed by some amount of punctuation, followed by the comma-separated list of courses. ●   Your program should be able to look at the above example and then extract the    courses without including the ‘-’ sign or the ‘:-’.  Note that any type of punctuation could be between “Courses” and the list of courses. Functions for Parsing the File At the very least, you need to write one function for each piece of information that you want to extract from the text ﬁle. Contrary to previous homework assignments, in this assignment we   will not provide you with a strict outline for the functions or what arguments to pass to them. When we grade, we’ll look at how modular your code is and how you decided to break up the functionality into separate functions. We’ll also look at how you named the functions, what arguments they take, and how well you unit test the functions. Here’s a basic breakdown of the functionality required to read the ﬁle into memory, parse each section of the ﬁle to extract the relevant information, and write the ﬁnal HTML-formatted information to a new ﬁle. You should be writing to a ﬁle, not appending. Reading the File ●   Since the resume ﬁle is pretty small, write a function that reads the ﬁle and stores it in memory as a list of lines. ● Then, you can use list and string manipulations to do all of the other necessary work. ●   You should not prompt the user for a ﬁlename (or any other information). You can rely on the provided code which includes hardcoded resume ﬁlenames to read. Detecting the Name ● Detect and return the name by extracting the ﬁrst line. ● The one extra thing we want you to do, just for practice, is if the ﬁrst character in the name string is not an uppercase letter (capital ’A’ through ’Z’), consider the name  invalid and ignore it. In this case, use ‘Invalid Name’ as the user’s name. ● For example: Brandon Krakowsky is a valid name brandon Krakowsky is not a valid name, so your output html ﬁle will display ‘Invalid Name’ instead ●   Another thing to note is that the name on the ﬁrst line could have leading or trailing whitespace, which you will need to remove. ●    Note: Do not use the istitle() function in Python. This returns True if ALL words in a text start with an upper case letter, AND the rest of the characters in each word are lower case letters, otherwise False. This function will incorrectly identify a name like Edward jones as being an invalid name, when it’s actually valid. Detecting the Email ●   Detect and return the email address by looking for a line that has the ‘@’ character. ● For an email to be valid: ○ The last four characters of the email need to be either ‘.com’ or ’.edu’. ○ The email contains a lowercase English character after the ‘@’. ○ There should be no digits or numbers in the email address. ●   These rules will accommodate lbrandon@wharton.upenn.edu but will not accommodate lbrandon@python.org or lbrandon2@wharton.upenn.edu ● For example: lbrandon@wharton.upenn.edu is a valid email lbrandon@wharton2.upenn.com is not a valid email lbrandon2@wharton.upenn.com is also not a valid email ●   The email string could have leading or trailing whitespace, which will need to be stripped. ●   We are fully aware that these rules are inadequate. However, we want you to use these rules and only these rules. ●   If an email string is invalid based on the given rules, consider the email address to  be missing. This means your function should return an empty string and your output resume ﬁle will not display an email address. ● DO NOT GOOGLE FOR A FUNCTION FOR THIS. Googling for solutions to your homework is an act of academic dishonesty and in this particular case, you will get solutions involving crazy regular expressions, which is a topic we haven’t yet discussed in class. (In general, your code should never involve a topic that we have not discussed  in class.). Plus, you can easily achieve the required functionality without the use of a regular expression. Detecting the Courses ●   Detect and return the courses as a list by looking for the word “Courses” in the  list and then extract the line that contains that word. ●   Then make sure you extract the correct courses. In particular, any random punctuation after the word “Courses” and before the ﬁrst actual course needs to be ignored. ●   You are allowed to assume that every course begins with a letter of the English alphabet. ●   Note that the word “Courses”, the random punctuation, or individual courses in the list  could have leading or trailing whitespace that needs removed. Detecting the Projects ● Detect and return the projects as a list by looking for the word “Projects” in the  list. ● Each subsequent line is a project, until you hit a line that contains ‘----------’. This is NOT an underscore. It is (at least) ten minus signs put together. You have reached the end of the projects section if and only if you see a line that has at least 10 minus signs, one after the other. ● If you detect a blank line between project descriptions, ignore that line. ● Each project could have leading or trailing whitespace that needs removed. Writing the HTML Once you have gathered all the pieces of information from the text ﬁle, we want you to programmatically write HTML. Here are the steps for that: ●   Start by saving the ﬁle resume_template.html that is provided in the same directory as your code. ●   Preview the ﬁle in a text editor that does HTML syntax highlighting (e.g. Sublime Text). Note that opening this page in your browser will give you a blank web page since the    ﬁle only contains a header and an empty body. ●   You are going to programmatically copy the  HTML in resume_template.html, ﬁll in the emptywith the resume content, then write the ﬁnal HTML to a new ﬁle resume.html. You should be writing to a ﬁle, not appending to a ﬁle. (Note: you should not modify or overwrite the resume_template.html ﬁle. You should  copy the information from this ﬁle, modify it as needed, and then write the modiﬁed information to a new ﬁle, resume.html. Think about how you can save the information from resume_template.html in program memory to help you accomplish this.) ● More speciﬁcally, your Python code will do the following: o Open and read resume_template.html o Read every line of HTML into program memory o Remove the last 2 lines of HTML (theandlines). (You can delete these lines, and you will programmatically add them back later) o Add all HTML-formatted resume content (as described below). o Add the last 2 lines of HTML back in (theandlines). o Write the ﬁnal HTML to a new ﬁle resume.html Why are we doing this? Because the HTML in resume_template.html looks something  like the below, and we need to start by removing the last two lines of HTML (closingandtags) in order to insert the resume content in the correct location. random header stuff lots of style. rules we won ’t worry about We want to put our resume content in between the body tags to make it look like this: random header stuff lots of style. rules we won ’t worry about HTML-formatted resume c代 写Programming Languages and Techniques Homework 5: Website GeneratorPython 代做程序编程语言ontent goes here In order to write proper HTML you will need to write the following helper function: def surround_block(tag, text): ● This function surrounds the given text with the given HTML tag and returns the string ●    For example, surround_block (‘h1 ’, ‘The Beatles ’) would return ‘ The Beatles You’re going to display the email address in your webpage as an active email link. The proper way to create a link in HTML is to use the and tags. The tells where the link should start and the indicates where the link should end. Everything between these two  tags will be displayed as a link and the target of the link is added to the tag using the href attribute. For example, a link to google.com would look like this: Click here to go to Google The tag also provides the option to specify an email address as the target of the link. To do this, you use the “mailto: email address” format for the href attribute. For example, an email link to abc@example.com would look like this: Send Email In order to write proper HTML for the email link, you will need to write the following helper function: def create_email_link(email_address): ● This function creates an email link with the given email_address ●   To cut down on spammers harvesting the email address from your webpage, this function should display the email address with an [aT] instead of an @ ● For example, create_email_link (‘tom@seas.upenn.edu ’) would return tom [aT]seas.upenn.edu ●   Note: If (for some reason) the given email address does not contain @, use the email address as is and don't replace the @* ● For example, create_email_link (‘tom.at.seas.upenn.edu ’) would return‘tom.at.seas.upenn.edu ’ *Note: the create_email_link function does not determine if the email address is valid as described in the “Detecting the Email” section above. Detecting a valid email address should be separate from creating the email link. Even though every resume should contain an email address with an @ symbol, we are asking that you create the function this way to practice  what to do for unexpected inputs. Now break the writing of the resume into the following steps:

      In order to format the resume content, we have to make sure that all the text is enclosed within the following tags: Since we typically write things line-by-line, this initial step will write the 1st line. We’ll then ﬁll in the actual resume content in multiple steps, then step 5 below will close out the all open tags. So, this initial step just writes the 1st line above 2.   The basic information section contains the name and email address enclosed in the proper tags. An example is below: Brandon Krakowsky Email:  href=”mailto:lbrandon@wharton.upenn.edu”> lbrandon [aT]wharton.upenn.edu Think about how you can do that. In particular, think about how the create_email_link and surround_block functions can be used to achieve this. Write another function to make this entire intro section of the resume and then write it out to a ﬁle. Note that the email address should be preceded by “Email:” in your ﬁnal output. 3.   For the projects section. you will have to produce output like the following. Assume that you have the data about the projects by reading through the original ﬁle and stored that in some data structure (decide whether you want to use list, set, tuple or dictionary) Projectsbuilt a robotfixed an ios app Note that you MUST havetags surrounded bytags in your output. If you do not exactly match this format, you will have issues with the project bullet points not displaying correctly.is short for list, andis short for unordered list. 4.   For the courses section, we actually just want to list the courses. We do not want to create bullet points. We also want the heading to be a bit smaller in size and enclosed intags. So here is an  example of generated HTML:Courses Algorithms, Race car training Write a function that takes in courses (you can decide whether you want a list of courses or a string of courses) and then write out the HTML, in the form. above, to the ﬁle.
      After writing all of this content we just need to remember to close the HTML tags. To do this, we need to write the following 3 lines to the ﬁle: Note that you MUST add thetag as well as theandtags or your HTML will not display correctly.
    And most importantly, you need to close the ﬁle -- otherwise it will NOT save! Starter Code We’re providing you with a starter ﬁle make_website.py, which contains some functions to get you started: def generate_html(txt_input_ﬁle, html_output_ﬁle): ● You need to implement this function in order to do the following: ○ Call other function(s) in your program (that you deﬁne) to load the given txt_input_ﬁle ○   Call other function(s) in your program (that you deﬁne) to get the name, email address, list of projects, and list of courses ○   Call other function(s) in your program (that you deﬁne) to write all of the info to the given html_output_ﬁle def main(): ●   This function is the starting point for your program. It is implemented for you and does the following: ○ Calls the generate_html function to generate a resume.html ﬁle from the provided sample resume.txt ﬁle. DO NOT REMOVE OR UPDATE THIS CODE! ○ Calls the generate_html function multiple times to generate additional resume.html ﬁles for other test resume.txt ﬁles. AGAIN, DO NOT REMOVE OR UPDATE THIS CODE. You MUST uncomment each call to the generate_html function when you’re ready to test how your program handles each additional test resume.txt ﬁle. #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_bad_name_lowercas

e/resume.txt ', 'TestResumes/resume_bad_name_lowercase/resume.html ') #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_courses w whitespace/r esume.txt ', 'TestResumes/resume_courses w whitespace/resume.html ') #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_courses_weird_punc/res ume.txt ', 'TestResumes/resume_courses_weird_punc/resume.html ') #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_projects w whitespace/ resume.txt ', 'TestResumes/resume_projects w whitespace/resume.html ') #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_projects_with_blanks/r esume.txt ', 'TestResumes/resume_projects_with_blanks/resume.html ') #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_template_email w white space/resume.txt ', 'TestResumes/resume_template_email w whitespace/resume.ht ml ') #generate_html ( 'TestResumes/resume_wrong_email/resume.txt ' ,  'TestResumes/resume_wrong_email/resume.html ') Unit Testing We’re providing you with a starter unit testing ﬁle make_website_test.py. Currently, it contains   only two test functions, test_surround_block and test_create_email_link. Make sure you pass all of the tests in the unit testing ﬁle, plus, be sure to write other test functions to test  thefunctions in your program. You do not need to have tests for functions that write to a ﬁle, but  you should otherwise have unit tests for every function that you create. You should be testing both typical examples and edge cases. Although we are providing example resumes, you may ﬁnd it helpful to create your own sample resumes to test on as well. If you do, include them in your ﬁnal submission. Resume Files Using the sample resume.txt ﬁle that we provided, the generated resume.html ﬁle should display like this:

We’re also providing 7 other different test resume.txt ﬁles that your program should be able to handle. Each one is in its own subdirectory inside the “TestResumes” directory. Your program will load the test resume.txt ﬁle in each subdirectory and generate a resume.html ﬁle. (Some  of the code for doing this is provided in the starter ﬁle make_website.py.) To help with your testing, each subdirectory also contains an image (.PNG) of what the generated resume.html ﬁle is supposed to look like.

What to Submit You will submit the following ﬁles:

    make_website.py: the program you wrote
    make_website_test.py [and any other .txt ﬁles you created for testing]: the unit tests  you wrote for all your functions and if you created other .txt ﬁles (e.g. different versions  of your own resume) to be read by your main program or your unit tests, please include those with your submission. Part of grading your assignment will be to run your unit tests. We want to make sure they pass if they reference other .txt ﬁles.
    resume.txt: the sample text resume ﬁle provided to be read by your program
    resume.html: the html resume ﬁle that was generated when you ran your program

5.   The entire “TestResumes” folder: with subdirectories containing additional text resume.txt ﬁles and the generated resume.html ﬁle for each. You MUST generate the resume.html in each subdirectory before you submit your entire program. Evaluation It is important that you understand that in this assignment there is more to it than just getting your code to work. Please post on Ed or come to ofﬁce hours if you have questions. 1.   Functionality – 15 points a.   Does your program successfully convert a resume text ﬁle into a resume  HTML ﬁle? b.   Can that HTML ﬁle be rendered in a web browser? Test it out in at least 2 different browsers to conﬁrm this. c.   Is your program able handle the additional test resume text ﬁles and successfully convert them to resume HTML ﬁles? Do the resume HTML ﬁles  look like the images provided in each testing subdirectory? 2.   Unit Testing – 10 points a.   Did you write a test for each function you wrote? An exception to this rule would be a function that writes to a ﬁle aa this is difﬁcult to test with unit testing. b.   Are you doing a good job of testing all the different cases for each function?  You should be testing both typical examples and edge cases. 3.   Design and Style. – 15 points a.   Since we do not give you speciﬁc functions, we will be evaluating your design. b.   Did you follow style. conventions as deﬁned in this course? Do all functions  have docstrings and do all non-trivial lines of code have comments? c.   Did you use the best data structures and variable types for each situation? d.   Did you simplify the logic of your functions? In other words, if it is possible to do the same thing with fewer lines of code, did you do so?

Codinghelp Email:  📧 devlinfeng25@gmail.com
